You progress forward through the hefty portal locked in a forgotten basement. You're immediately met by a sinister world. The ground is covered in small holes and marks caused by acid rains, fortunately it's not raining yet. A foul smell fills your nostrils, and you immediately begin to feel nauseous. Who knows what secrets this world holds, but not everything that's hidden may be as pleasant as this world. This world is peaceful beyond a doubt, so all you need is a healthy dose of caution and you should be fine.
You advance forward through the ominous portal in this desolate fortress. You're immediately met by a wonderful world. You find yourself face to face with enormous statues carved out of the mountains themselves. Carvings of beings you've never seen before. A world of potential awaits, but in this case it seems like a potential for danger and death. Much remains to be discovered here, but it's important to remember that danger can lurk anywhere. This world is clearly manageable, but you've caught but a glimpse of what this world has to offer.
You advance forward through the eerie portal at the top of a dormant volcano. You're immediately met by an enchanting world. With each step you take you slide forward a little more. Ice covers everything, soon it might even cover you. Uncertainty surrounds you and it's not the thrilling uncertainty of exploration, but a dreadful fear. A seemingly pristine landscape awaits you and a childish curiosity takes over your mind. This world is no easy undertaking and the only real obstructions are your own abilities.
You push forward through the impressive portal previously locked behind intricate locks and traps. You're immediately met by a charming world. The air is dry and hot, bright light blinds you and you can feel your lungs burn with every breath. Something in the air is altering your mind, but at least it makes this world seem more pleasant. In spite of the treacherous landscape you don't feel like you're in danger. This world is definitely gentle, but now is not the moment to throw caution in the wind.