You slowly march onwards, deeper into the dungeon's mysteries. You pass various passages, most of which probably lead to other depths of this dungeon. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A big granite door blocks your path. Ominous symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. did something just move behind this door?
You advance carefully onwards, deeper into the dungeon's mysteries. You pass various passages, most of which look just like the other. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A tall wooden door blocks your path. Countless odd symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear the faint sound of footsteps behind you.
You cautiously proceed onwards, deeper into the dungeon's depths. You pass countless passages, most of which have collapsed or were dead ends to begin with. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A grand wooden door blocks your path. Ominous symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you hear the faint sound of footsteps behind you.
You proceed onwards, deeper into the dungeon's shadows. You pass various different rooms and countless passages, some are dead ends, others seem to have no end at all. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A tall wooden door blocks your path. Various odd symbols are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. you think you can hear a whisper coming from behind the door.
You slowly move onwards, deeper into the dungeon's darkness. You pass many different passages, each seem to go on forever, leading to who knows what. You eventually make it to what is likely the final room. A big granite door blocks your path. Dire warning messages are all over it, somehow untouched by time and the elements. You step closer to inspect it and.. wait.. did somebody just knock on the door?