The alleyway is quaint and cobbled. The houses each side have walls that wobble ever so slightly, but is apparent in the strong morning light. It winds a little, arcing to the right and the heady scent of flowers drifts down from the many window boxes.
In the dim light that oozes through a narrow gap lies the alleyway. It's the underworld of any town: gloomy and unpleasant. The vines that crawl up window sills and the crumbling plaster that envelopes the old stone bricks appear romantic at first but become daunting as the sun sets behind the skyline of chimneys. 
Darkness is lurking in every corner inside the labyrinth of narrow passages and dead ends. Litter is dumped on the street and birds nest amongst the sprawling rot. Suddenly, a muffled, indistinct scream is heard from behind you. The street lights flicker off and you're left with nothing but but the orchestra of the urban night playing its eerie song...
The road was an endless river of tarmac baked under a brutal, relentless sun. It stretched into the horizon in front and behind as far as the eye can see. The once black tarmac was now grayed with desert dust. No signs, no way of knowing where you are.
The meadow was a glorious expanse of grass and meadow flowers, grass rustling gently in the breeze. There was a narrow brook flowing through it choked with weeds. Tall water-mint with pale lilac flowers, like dozens of tiny bells were growing at the edge of the brook.
The meadow was on a gentle slope and interspersed with beech and oak trees. Waves of yellow cascaded down the grassy slope like so much white water over a rock river bed. On closer inspection I could see the clover and the honey bees who were merrily visiting each flower.
The track snaked around the trees and disappeared from sight. It was well worn but narrow and broken with knotted roots. Branches overhung in their quest for more sunlight, making an archway of green. No one had been there in months and no one had any call to travel this way.
The mountain path grew wide where the soil was soft and then narrow in the rocky passes. There were times it was barely there at all, no more than a mild disturbance in the dirt. But always it lead upward to the peak, the only destination the five of them could keep in mind.
The mountain path winds ahead as effortlessly as a blanket laid on a bed, yet each footfall costs you more strength. It is as steep as it is narrow and rocky in a chaotic way, just enough to stop his gait falling into a steady rhythm.