The road eventually arrived at a vast ranch with a vast courtyard. The ranch was kept in pristine condition, just like the fields around it. A giant barn housed various animals, an outdoor kitchen including a clay oven was built to the side of the courtyard, and a small guesthouse stood to the side of the main farmhouse like a miniature copy. The farm had a cozy feel to it, which was mostly because of the smell of fruit pies spreading through the air.
The road ended at an ordinary farmhouse guarded by several excited dogs. The farmhouse was fairly new, and thus still in great condition. Several barns housed the various livestock at night, dozens of swallows had made their nests under the rooftop gutters, and a small wind turbine charged a generator at the back of the farm. The farm had a homey feel to it, much of this was thanks to how stereotypical the farmhouse looked, it made everything seem commonplace.
The road lead to a quiet estate surrounded by a tall hedge. The estate was old and worn, but in a charming way. A large barn housed livestock durinng harsher weather, a giant well stood just off to the side of the courtyard, and dozens of frogs living in a small pond to the side filled the air with croaks and splashes. The farm had a welcoming feel to it, it was one of those farms you'd gladly spend an entire summer at.
The tavern itself is packed. Locals seem to be the primary clientele here, which often means great company. Several long tables are occupied by, what looks like couples, lone travellers and anybody else who enjoys great company. The other, smaller tables are also occupied by people who are playing games and, judging by their laughter, are either telling jokes or great, perhaps embarrasing, tales. Even most of the stools at the bar are occupied, though nobody seems to mind more company.
The tavern itself is almost completely abanonded. The few people inside could be anybody really, but whoever they are, you begin to fear for your safety, it's probably best to find a different place.
The tavern itself is packed. Tourists seem to be the primary clientele here, which is probably the best clientele for the owner. Several long tables are occupied by, what seems to be entire families, all enjoying the food, drinks and company of each other. The other, smaller tables are also occupied by people who clearly enjoy each other's company, though they seem to be strangers who have met here. Even most of the stools at the bar are occupied, though nobody seems to mind more company.
From the outside this house looks magnificent. It has been built with cypress wood and has blue stone decorations. Small, triangular windows add to the overall style of the house and have been added to the house in a mostly asymmetric way. The house itself is surrounded by a tranquil garden, with various flowers, a long pond including a small waterfall and various rock formations.
From the outside this house looks intimate and cozy. It has been built with white stones and has brown stone decorations. Tall, wide windows let in plenty of light and have been added to the house in a mostly symmetric way. The house itself is surrounded by a modest garden, covered mostly in grass, a few flower patches and with a small pond.
From the outside this house looks nice and traditional. It has been built with tan bricks and has white stone decorations. Tall, rounded windows add to the overall look of the house and have been added to the house in a fairly asymmetrical pattern. The house itself is surrounded by a gorgeous garden, including hanging grape vines, a pagoda, a pond and many different flowers.