The boat was an old timer, a veteran of the brine. The old planks retained the odour of the fish even after a storm. Yet she was sound, seaworthy enough to take to the waters at dawn with nets bundled onto the deck.
The boat was straight out of a child's picture book. It was part of a small fishing fleet that launched from the pebble beach, painted in stripes of blue, red and white. A mast poked into the misty morning sky as the sail hung loose to the deck.
The fisherman leans against the sea wall with his pipe, smoke curling into the salty breeze. He lacks the extra chins and the beer bellies of other men his age, every part of him lean muscle and leathery skin. As he watches the street his eyes are as choppy as the ocean behind him, the sea choosing to send him home rather than grant the haul he was hoping for. The fish live another day and a long day of mending nets stretches ahead.
The small path widened into a multicolored beach with every size of rock - from boulders big enough to sit on, to grains that got stuck between your toes. Beyond was a flat lake, the far shore a thin line in the distance growing into a sheer cliff face. In the black watery mirror was only the constellations, starlight so old and young.
The lake lay silver in the bright light of the noon sun, not a perfect ovoid like a looking glass of old, but irregular like an ink-splat on aging concrete. The rippled water ran right into the crevices, washing the soil from the rocks. Around the edges were pines, chaotic in their spacing but never more than a few feet without a tree. 
In the brilliant summer sunshine the lake was a perfect mirror for the mountains that surrounded it. From above that watery world was so clear and perfect it could be another dimension, waiting for someone to dare enter it…
After the heat and itchiness of the hike the lake looked like a basin of balm. Its water was entirely without motion, no tide brought it up the man-made beach. Despite the relentless sunrays the green-tinged water would be cool, this basin would likely be as deep as the mountains around were tall. 